CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Coverage Checker
Contributions to Coverage Checker are welcome!

This guide explains how to contribute to the project.

## How to Contribute
There are several ways to contribute to Coverage Checker:
- **Report bugs:** Find an issue and describe the problem you encountered
- **Fix bugs:** Submit a pull request with a proposed fix
- **Request features:** Suggest a new feature or improvement
- **Improve documentation:** Submit a pull request with improved documentation

## Submitting a Pull Request
To submit a pull request, follow these steps:
- Fork the repository
- Create a new branch for your changes
- Make your changes and write tests if applicable
- Commit and push your changes to your fork
- Submit a pull request to the `main` branch of this repository

## Testing Guidelines
To ensure that changes work as expected, follow these steps:
- Use the provided NUnit test framework to write tests
- Write tests for all new features or bug fixes
- Ensure all tests pass before submitting a pull request

## Licence
By contributing to Coverage Checker, you must agree that your contributions will be licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Thomas-Shephard/coverage-checker/blob/main/LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

build: use MinVer for automated semantic versioning (#149)
* build: use MinVer for automated semantic versioning

* docs: update for versioning

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Coverage Checker
Contributions to Coverage Checker are welcome!

This guide explains how to contribute to the project.

## How to Contribute
There are several ways to contribute to Coverage Checker:
- **Report bugs:** Find an issue and describe the problem you encountered
- **Fix bugs:** Submit a pull request with a proposed fix
- **Request features:** Suggest a new feature or improvement
- **Improve documentation:** Submit a pull request with improved documentation

## Submitting a Pull Request
To submit a pull request, follow these steps:
- Fork the repository
- Create a new branch for your changes
- Make your changes and write tests if applicable
- Commit and push your changes to your fork
- Submit a pull request to the `main` branch of this repository

## Testing Guidelines
To ensure that changes work as expected, follow these steps:
- Use the provided NUnit test framework to write tests
- Write tests for all new features or bug fixes
- Ensure all tests pass before submitting a pull request

## Release Process
This project uses [MinVer](https://github.com/adamralph/minver) for versioning.
- Versions are automatically determined by Git tags in the format `vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`.
- To create a new release, use the **GitHub UI** to create a new "Release", which will automatically create the required Git tag and trigger the deployment workflow.

## Licence
By contributing to Coverage Checker, you must agree that your contributions will be licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Thomas-Shephard/coverage-checker/blob/main/LICENSE) for details.
